https://i.imgur.com/38CQuRH.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/eeBMX6y.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/ms2aDbz.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/vj3RSXY.jpg

"I'm not letting you waste a turn to heal a goddamn turtle just because a drunk stepped on it."

PF stories: A gnome and a dwarf: "Why did you set that corpse on fire and throw it at the prisoner we came to save?" "To surprise her."

From my Necromancer "I just want to play with the dead bodies for a little bit longer".

"Krunch, how far you think you could throw this goblin?" "Yes"

In our campaigns it was common to check for the presence of turtles. Most dungeons strangely had a negitive amount of turtles

i think my group is too cold hearted to save a turtle, but for some reason we have a baby dragon that is just with us

"Just because you're a dwarf doesn't mean you can unbuild the door."

Does anyone has sense of direction? The dwarf has it underground. So dig a hole, get in it and tell us where to go.

In a campaign I was a Grippli (frog-man) with toxic skin. A gnome in the party kept harassing me so I walked up and gave him a hug.

Our pathfinder party's rogue actually managed to seduce a succubus. She works in his brothel now.

"I let go of the duck" was a phrase that toppled an entire campaign setting once...

they couldn't figure out a puzzle room "I'm going to intimidate the room!!!"

"I roll for juggling while you interrogate that goblin."

I once tried to stop a rampaging owl bear... With my face.

https://i.imgur.com/w5UkdgV.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/HAzuq0l.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/nvr7L66.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/LsnRkvt.jpg

"We want you to exorcize this napkin so we can beat the shit out of the spirit within."

"Doesn't it feel good to complete a job, and only kill one person?" -Shadowrun

"You're like a dairy cow to a dairy company, you don't actually lead us, but you're our logo and keep us fed"

Explaining to barbarian why everyone knows our group by his face, but why he isn't our leader. It took him a while to realize he was being compared to a cow.

"I don't know... 'Death and horrible suffering' sounds enticing."

"So, the plan is, we make a bomb, and attach it to the guard's bomb..."

"I want to drop the boat on them." (DM rolls) "Uh... all of the thugs are squished by your falling boat."

"Cults don't have potlucks"




"It's an extraction; militarily speaking, it's legal."

"If you do something stupid and they walk you through an airlock, there's not much we can do."
Another PC: "We can still celebrate."


Me as a DM: "That's it, I've had enough, nobody is allowed to make any more persuasion checks by offering NPCs doughnuts!"


Me dealing with bureaucrats: "I've had it, you people are idiots, who do I have to kill to be in charge around here?"

DM: "Aren't you a paladin?"

Me: "I'm also an excellent multitasker..."


"I know of five different plants that could kill you where you stand." "But you won't though." Complete silence "I don't like that silence."


"I cast Forbiddance where we know the Gate will open" - I proceed to cry, while I mentally rewrite the finale of the campaign


"I want to seduce the wolf"


Player: Holy cow! There's a ton of them, we can't beat them all. New plan! We have the Stone Shape scroll. We'll use it on a pillar, start the place collapsing, and then run out of the room.

DM: I hate you.


"No, you can't transmute anti-matter to solve your problems."

I want to lick the mushroom.

Cleric: We just spread our religion all over the walls.

Half-Orc: I shit on the holy shrine.


"I need to use the rest of the party as bait."

He did. It worked, he killed the BBEG and her shadow dragon. The players then blew up the city to stop his succubus girlfriend from becoming a goddess.

“I place a bet on the kraken.”

“I approach the guard about joining the UFC”

“The chest is a mimic!” (Gets bitten by health potions inside chest)

“I summon dancing skeletons.”

“I befriend the kobolds with a brick.”

“You preform the ritual with your beak.”

“If time was an egg you just scrambled it.”

“I build a wall.”(five seconds later)”I dismantle my wall.”


"I'll rob him"

Me: Are you sure? if you fail the entirety of the rangers guild, and the town guard, and bounty hunters after you, plus anyone from the rangers guild who puts a bounty on your head for faction bounty hunters.

Him: 100%


"I'm gonna Fuck that thing."

-Barbarian raging an Owlbear. He almost went through with it.

"I will twist the neck of every bird from here to the Imperial City if it gets me to level six."

-Ranger


"'How many times can I smite the guy in the dick before I break my oath?"

-Paladin (It was seven)


"I stroke the dragon's cheek suggestively."

-Our late Halfling Bard.


Lizardfolk barbarian: "hey kids, you like hand puppets?"

proceeds to mock ghost children with their own skulls.


“EAT ME. VORE ME.”
— the party rogue, taunting an enemy


http://yourplayersaidwhat.tumblr.com/random


"Oh my god, Jimmy's in the dragon's mouth! ...Jimmy has a lower AC than the dragon.
...AIM AT JIMMY!"
- I wasn't present, but heard about it


https://i.imgur.com/ZTQMNF8.jpg


https://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/Main_Page/Quote/list

https://allthetropes.org/wiki/Dwarf_Fortress/Quotes

http://dndspeak.com/2018/05/100-campaign-start-scenarios/

